Universal Profiling: add probabilistic profiling (#2857)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/profiling-advanced-configuration.asciidoc

* <<profiling-tag-data-query, Tag data for querying>>: Tag data collected by the host-agent into multiple logical groups so they can be queried in Kibana.
* <<profiling-add-symbols, Add symbols for native frames>>: Push symbols to your cluster so you can see function names and line numbers in traces of applications written in programming languages that compile to native code (C, C++, Rust, Go, etc.).
* <<profiling-use-a-proxy,Use a proxy>>:  Set up an HTTP proxy if your infrastructure host-agent installation needs one to reach {ecloud}.

> * <<profiling-probabilistic-profiling, Configure probabilistic profiling>>: Configure Universal Profiling Agent to run in probabilistic profiling mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<profiling-probabilistic-profiling, Configure probabilistic profiling>>: Configure your host-agent to run in probabilistic profiling mode.

```

Author: replaced Universal Profiling Agent with Profiling Host Agent as suggested by @iogbole
